open his curtains for him so he can see
God's beautiful work and he'll know that
even things like this happen for the
best what do they teach you to talk like
this in some Panama City sailor one a
hump hump bar sell crazy someplace else
we're all stocked up here Tristar
pictures invites you to meet a truly
appalling individual he's a freak show
he's the worst person I ever met if you
want to see me you would make an
appointment dr. green how can you
diagnose someone as an
obsessive-compulsive disorder and then
act as though I had some choice about
barging and if you have you seen my dog
with a little little face uh-oh
you have no idea what your work means to
me how do you write women so well I
think of a man they take away reason and
accountability definitely a package you
don't want to open or touch pay me a
compliment Melvin I need one quick
you make me want to be a better man
that's maybe the best compliment of my
life from Academy Award winner James L
Brooks well maybe I overshot a little
because I was aiming it just enough to
keep you from walking out comes a story
about how the people you can't live with
Carol the waitress
Simon the become the people you
can't live without we all have these
terrible stories to get over and it's
not true some of us have great stories
pretty stories that take place at lakes
with boats friends and noodle salad just
no one in this car Jack Nicholson
Helen Hunt Greg Kinnear and Cuba Gooding
jr. I love you I'd tell you buddy
I'd be the luckiest guy alive if that
did it for me as good as it gets
you
[Music]